# Todd Comments

1. I approve of being made office manager. I think if we get far enough with this app, I'm going to have you creating manager events where the Friends employees all get abused by the manager…
2. In your Program file, `List<Candidate> hopefulCandidates = new List<Candidate>` might be nicer written as `var hopefulCandidates = new List<Candidate>`. As the type of object is already shown in the constructor, the type just adds unnecessary noise.
3. When we chat tonight, we will decide that the Models folder should only contain Entities and data transfer objects (DTOs). We currently have no DTOs. We will also decide that Entities are items in our system that get acted upon and encapsulate data about that item. I think the only entities we have at the moment are Employee and Candidate. OfficeManager is not an entity as it only deals with functionality and isn't really an item in our system. He receives entities and does things to them, but isn't a thing himself (you would not pass the office manager to something to be acted on). We therefore need to find a new place for him. I'm thinking a folder called Logic that contains business logic might be a good place for him. So, to be clear, an entity represents a thing in our system that is manipulated by the logic. As things stand, OfficeManager only contains logic - he interviews candidates, gives them scores and converts some of them to Employees. He is not a thing that gets acted upon himself.
4. On your master branch, I noticed your OfficeManager method for welcoming employees is called WelcomEmployee. Maybe it should be plural as he is handling a list of employees.
5. Well done on going for a new object with Candidate with the relevant properties (score). Well done with your flow too. It was very clear. I don't think we need that amount of complexity yet though. I think we should build up slowly and what you're proposing is quite a lot. I think the directive I gave you was a bit wider in scope than I thought it was too. So all I think it should do at the moment is interview each candidate (provide a message), give them a score (a random number will do for now), then select the people that got through and welcome them.

If you prefer to go the way you want to go though, I recommend making it easier for the user by selecting candidates by index. Give them a list of candidates with numbers 1 to n and just have the user input the correct number.

6. Another thing to think about - there is probably a slight difference between a Candidate and an Applicant (the item in the list/database). Because the thing in storage is just a person (name and any other details we decide to attach), they won't have a score. They only need a score when they are being interviewed. So the item in storage should probably be one thing (Applicant? JobSeeker? HumanResource? Person?) and it only becomes a candidate when it is being interviewed.

So I suggest you create a folder called Services, have a CandidateService class with a fetchCandidates method, then, in that method have a list of Applicants, convert them to Candidates and return that list. Better still, have a Services folder and a Repositories folder (do you call it Data at your work? You could call it that if you prefer). Put an ApplicantsListRepo class containing a fetchAllApplicants method in the Repo folder that returns your list and then in your CandidateService.fetchCandidates method, use this repo method to get the applicants list, then convert them to candidates.

This may seem silly as here we are using a list of Applicants and what is the point of converting them when we won't use them? But the Applicants list is actually just a pretend database, so it should return an object that corresponds to what is in the database. There will be no Score on the items in the database.

For instance, it's possible you would want applicants for reasons other than scoring them. You might want to invite them all to an event or you might want to email them all. Passing candidates to an EmailApplicants method would mean 'score' was completely redundant. It would also not necessarily make sense readability wise as they are not a Candidate at this stage in the process.

Directive 2:

As a user, I would like the office manager to interview each job applicant prior to welcoming them to the company so that we don't accidentally employ anyone that doesn't deserve a job.
